we are in here we have these gaming
nerds okay and they've just agreed that
if I leave my bean bag with them for to
use this evening they're going to be
quiet this evening so that I can get
sleep next door is that correct
[Laughter]
see you guys always think these boys are
so sweet but this is what they're really
like the next day I had my final rowing
race of the week if you've seen my
recent blocks you know I've been Cox in
your crew in may bunks the idea is that
you row as fast as you can to try and
catch up or bump into the crew in front
it was an amazing end to our bumps
campaign and we got a bunk it was so
exciting and yeah these pics capture it
all
and here was all very happy bro home may
but if it ever hasn't to be steering the
boat and vlogging at the same time but I
had it all under control
hello we are feeling good obviously the
bunks this morning what is happening we
have literally gone up one place every
almost queer which is great this year so
yeah finish on a high now I'm going to
just had lunch I need to talk biscuits
then I'm gonna go and watch the rest of
well some of the afternoons racing on
the river in like I've had it good to
use owned by the river so it's a great
place rest of watch and then I've got a
haircut for 15 or so I'll go meet before
them to get to my haircut there had a
good like a few inches up I think it's
just a bit longer than I want it more
like here up here rather than here
I'm not going to break clipped another
see mate which I have a major obrecht's
about like I should have been more
organized and built in advance but I
didn't so I'm not going which is sad for
whether I've been for last two terms and
I suppose I'll save some cash this way
but there are like drinks and crew
photos going on this evening which
obviously I'm going to along the rest of
my crew and they're all going black tie
means I've got to dress up at least my
hair will look nice water and then I
think a lot of us are going out this
evening as well so that'd be fun so yeah
shave you got to be a good day
[Applause]
[Music]
okay so we are in the Jesus we've got up
here the river is just here and we're
waiting to watch the m3 division which
is causing ourselves a straight
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm just about to head off to drinks let
me show you the morrow here's the outfit
blackface eat a me with my hair it's
shorter you can tell yeah I'm gonna go
so this is the crew I was sing em
before and this is all the Coxes of the
Jesus boat club okay so the voltage
drinks now over we had some lovely
pictures I'll try and set them in the
vlog here as well so you can see them or
I'm not even certain them just now
already I've had I've got enough condoms
at me like this don't shoot me please
fear of it collecting feathers my carpet
burn has got worse this is what we'll do
to me yesterday my elbow nope no pages
were harmed in pages one more time
because this happened I put up with this
for weeks
wait anyway I'm back from booty drinks
we had some lovely photos taken we had
some lovely chats they've now all gone
to Boat Club dinner slightly jealous but
it's fine I have calf burger as did half
of em for as well donuts oh my god they
were good they were so good and now I'm
probably gonna pop along to the bar and
broke up dinner finishes it's gonna be a
very fun night's evening little thing
all the boats are going smooth well
these guys are going to PS we're all
going to spoons and it's gonna be really
fun yeah okay signing out
we're in the outside area we are waiting
for the club to move up a bit del
viernes people want to be broke so our
kind of shows a guy I've missed going
out like it's been a long time to drink
to the cat I don't know why I did not
encounter when I have encounters so we
to be able worried about this vodka just
to clarify
whilst there isn't a big drinking
culture some of us do going on
[Music]
maybe actually breakfast a chance of
people down the kitchen I am going to do
some editing actually it's quite
therapeutic quite like it's quite
relaxing and then I do need to pop into
town to grab a few bits and pieces and
here we have eternity it's been nine
years well you know how to I'm don't you
I do my mother taught well Oh
so today will has been at the Murray
Edwards
med woods garden party how was it well
it was really good
would you recommend it yes two years I
would what was the best part
another footlights first comedy act
there was to tell fries it was like
fairground next to us it was them the
theme was was was the seaside it was
like I was like something at the sea see
you on the beach see you on the beach
yeah yeah it was like cocktail day
well the cocktails till then was safe
sex on the beach
it was a virgin sex on the beach it was
so good and his Instagram caption makes
sense
what was her caption it was wife's a
beach I'd won cover Berg I had to sex on
the beach
it was there was a beach there there's a
real beach there they made a beach a
beat in Cambridge yes
lately dig up the car
and put it there well it is impressive
there was comedy else it was comedy
there was popcorn there was candy Foster
was a test your strength thing I lost
badly what else was there
I've been filming for nearly two minutes
so we're gonna have to round this up
sorry whoa we glad you had a good time
out of ten right all right ten out of
ten say good morning today is maple day
I'm so excited
I've had a meeting with my books this
morning I kind of just went over like I
did until exams of them that gray and
just we had a discussion kind of said
I'm thinking about next year which is
probably chemistry and maths we'll see
now I'm going to get my nails done I've
got an appointment at a place called
steel oh okay big blockage good yes I'm
going to someone called steel H I booked
in last week and I'm getting like gel
nails which will last me like a few
weeks that I'm going on holiday with a
few friends from home in like a few
weeks time now like two weeks very very
shortly I've got a week at home after I
can't I leave Cambridge and then I'm off
to Croatia sadly very nice yeah I could
get my nails done thinking baby pink but
we'll see
okay here we have it using them kind of
a pinky purple shimmery color yeah and
here's all the setting up from a ball
it's very exciting to be the horse in
first caught them in a box to protect it
so excited to sit in a stage going on
seats can't wait for this evening should
be good
check it out sneak preview here's the
fellows garden some definite Mable
settings up going on we can see Dodgers
in the distance this the most exciting
part these guys are the most exciting
part I totally was not told to say that
so and I put some sunglasses because I
need some actually didn't pull up my
nose
I can transfer my nose so much so what's
my sunglasses grandma bag now can't
afford to get them out an Astra Nellore
are now suddenly getting piercings it's
a very impulsive decision and yeah it's
quite exciting though so we're going now
wish wish the two of them luck they're
very brave I will not be able to do it
but sorry that piercings have been
obtained
pleased yes sir everybody from Abel G
now I'm doing okay
Rebecca's running often assassins after
her Rebecca was playing a
university-wide game of Assassin's Guild
and some guy with a nerf gun suddenly
popped out of nowhere keep running I
could make it to your room make it to
your room shell room to room ha ha ha
ha we feel really bad because she was
sitting there and spotted this guy and
was like that's an assassin she's so
honored I don't even like I had no
suspicions how did she know we
were like no you're just being paranoid
don't be stupid and then he started
running for her if she just trusted her
instincts she probably would have got
away but it was really funny
welcome to the Naval
[Music]
I put up too high yeah yeah I'm such a
perfectionist so I was finding the Mabel
makeup quite stressful
[Music]
Oh is recording beautiful just beautiful
- heo Seung Chan
[Music]
[Applause]
as you can probably tell from that
reaction Rebecca's dress was amazing so
thank you so much for watching keep an
eye out for the Mabel vlog which will be
up on Friday and like and subscribe if
you're enjoying the looks bye
[Music]